---
layout: post
title: 5.12.2017 - Friday - 
---

This is my twenty-eighth blog post:

## Today I learned (#TIL):

- No coding yesterday as I had a friend visiting from Osaka.  Been a little anxious with the number of JS libraries I've been introduced to recently and haven't been focused on just one to complete a project.  I think I should be posting my JS practice on my GitHub and using that as platform for when I work on them. 

- Added 2D Breakout, Instagram filters projects to GitHub repositories

- Reviewed some GitHub commands from past H/W tutorial.  Probably best to learn by doing and have a project to work on. 

- I've been turned on to learn react native.  Started a react native tutorial the other day from a post that techguy213 posted on the unbootcamp slack channel.  I'll see how I go as I continue to work through other libraries.  

- Came across another JS library -  [Rune.js](http://runemadsen.github.io/rune.js/) from following someone on GitHub. 

- Was looking to catch up on past H/W and saw the OPTIONAL Homework _21 quick warmup / practice problems on using LOOPS_  and started working on them tonight.  Didn't finish and will continue at some point tomorrow and then post it on my blog.  Feeling a bit rusty so it's good practice and review.  I'm wondering if I am doing them correctly.  I'll post them on slack when I'm done and hopefully someone could give me some feedback.  :)


## Useful links to save for later:

[Rune.js](http://runemadsen.github.io/rune.js/) - JS library for programming graphic design systems with SVG in both the browser or node.js.

[Markdown Live Preview](http://markdownlivepreview.com/) - a site to preview Markdown pages.  Just what I was looking for. :)


## My next goals:

- Continue and hopefully finish OPTIONAL H/W _21 quick warmup / practice problems on using LOOPS_
- Stay focused, continue to learn, progress.


# Read-Search-Ask

# Perseverance is key!


